# GPFS Mining Tutorial

[简体中文](README_CN.md)

## Windows
Download link: https://github.com/gpfs-group/gpfs-world/releases

Windows uses the GPFS World desktop software for mining, which is both a GPFS network node and a file management software. Just download, unzip and run, without any configuration.

After the software is started, a random BSC address will be automatically generated, and the private key can be copied out and imported into other wallets for use.
It is also possible to use addresses generated by other wallets by modifying the configuration files of the software. The configuration file is located in `repo/config`, modify the `Wallet.PrivateKey` inside to become your own private key, and then restart the software.


## Linux
Download link: https://github.com/gpfs-group/gpfs-mining/releases

Unzip `linux_amd64.zip` and execute in turn
```
chmod 766 gpfs
cp gpfs ​​/usr/local/bin
export IPFS_PATH=The working directory you want
gpfs daemon --init --miner-address=Your BSC wallet address
```
Before deploying in the linux environment, the bsc wallet address needs to be generated in advance

## Miner Browser
https://scan.gpfs.xyz/

You can check the miner's status and cheques on the miner's browser.

## Cashout
The exchange of cheques needs to interact with smart contracts, so a certain amount of BNB is required in the account as the GAS fee. For the windows environment, you can click the "Cashout" button on the software, or log in to the MetaMask wallet on the Cashout page of the miner's browser and click "Cashout". If you use a mobile wallet, such as a TP wallet, you can also copy the Cashout page to the wallet to open the exchange directly.


## Mining principle

Please read [《GPFS Network Litepaper》](https://github.com/gpfs-group/gpfs-litepaper/blob/main/README.md)


## Issues that need attention
- Each wallet address can only be used by one node. If an address has already been used, the system will ignore the node.
- P2P network has a certain delay, sometimes it takes a few minutes to be discovered by other nodes after startup.
